Adds Models section (#82)
kluster-ai/docs: get-started/integrations/msty.md

    ```

4. Paste your API key and ensure **Save key securely in keychain** is selected

> 5. Paste the name of the [kluster.ai's available model](/get-started/models/){target=\_blank} you'd like to use. Note that you can specify multiple models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Paste the name of the [kluster.ai model](/get-started/models/){target=\_blank} you'd like to use. Note that you can specify multiple models
```

> 5. Paste the name of the [kluster.ai's available model](/get-started/models/){target=\_blank} you'd like to use. Note that you can specify multiple models

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Paste the name of the [kluster.ai model](/get-started/models/){target=\_blank} you'd like to use. Note that you can specify multiple models
```
